iron cement is a ready for use paste which is laid as a fillet by putty knife or finger in the mould edges ( corners ) of the steel ingot mould .
iron cement protects the ingot against the hot , abrasive steel casting process .
a fire restant repair cement for fire places , ovens , open fireplaces etc .
construction and repair of highways and ...
an announcement must be commercial character .
goods and services advancement through the P.O.Box system is NOT ALLOWED .
deliveries ( spam ) and other improper information deleted .
translator Internet is a Toolbar for MS Internet Explorer .
it allows you to translate in real time any web pasge from one language to another .
you only have to select languages and TI does all the work for you ! automatic dictionary updates ....
this software is written in order to increase your English keyboard typing speed , through teaching the basics of how to put your hand on to the keyboard and give some training examples .
each lesson teaches some extra keys , and there is also a practice , if it is chosen , one can practice the previous keys learned through the previous lessons . the words chosen in the practice are mostly meaningful and relates to the tough keys ...
are you one of millions out there who are trying to learn foreign language , but never have enough time ?
get VTeacher , a screensaver that displays words and phrases you are trying to learn and their translation .
launch it during your office break and add new words to your vocabulary while sipping hot coffee and chewing a sandwich .
this is a one time charge and you will never be rebilled !
you will receive direct access to a registration code automatically after you place your order . the entire process of registration and cleaning your system should take less than 5 minutes .
you will also receive a confirmation email with your order information ( registration code , order # , etc ) ...
the English @-@ German Pro Dictionary contains over 50,813 words and 23,343 articles presented in rich @-@ text format articles .
the dictionary is a wonderful bilingual reference tool and can be used both by beginners and advanced learners ...
the MSDict English @-@ Spanish Pro Dictionary contains over 38,000 entries in 19,800 word articles , presented in rich @-@ text format .
the dictionary is a wonderful bilingual reference tool and can be used both by beginners and advanced learners of English and Spanish ...
pocket Oxford English Dictionary First Published in 1924 This is a reissue of the ninth edition of the world &apos;s longest @-@ established pocket English dictionary by Oxford University Press .
it is one of the new generation Oxford dictionaries derived from the database of the highly acclaimed New Oxford Dictionary of English and is particularly user friendly with its elegant open design , with different elements starting on new lines ...
WordBanker is a unique and fun method of helping you to learn a foreign language .
rather than bog you down with complicated grammar it deals only with building a vocabulary .
trouble memorising new words or phrases ?